a tragedy in the artist's house ryan was
a famous artist
unfortunately when he was 60 he had an
accident that left him blind
the man hired three people to help him
jason
the driver laura the housekeeper and
timothy
he looked after the garden one afternoon
timothy went to talk to ryan
and found the artist on the floor
someone had attacked him
the police arrived to investigate jason
told him he and ryan had had a great
time in the morning
playing computer games then he left to
pick up ryan's daughter from the airport
laura said she'd spent all day in the
kitchen cooking dinner
and timothy said that before finding
ryan he had been at the
market choosing new fruit trees for the
garden
who is behind the attack
it was jason ryan was blind and couldn't
play computer games
bizarre guests when melissa was
traveling around europe
she met several girls who were from the
same city as her
they got along very well when all of
them returned from the trip
melissa decided to organize a
get-together and invited them to her
house
the girls came with a big cake and lots
of colorful balloons
but even before they touched the food or
drinks melissa felt dizzy and lost
consciousness when the girl recovered
she was having a splitting headache
there was nobody around and all her
money and other valuables were missing
melissa looked at the photos taken
before she faded
after examining them for a couple of
minutes she understood what had happened
can you figure it out
there was sleeping gas in the balloons
the other girls must have put on
face masks not to be affected by the gas
when melissa lost consciousness they
took all her expensive stuff
and left wow time to get some better
friends huh
a mysterious disappearance stephen
called the police
and told him his wife lisa was missing
she called her husband at eight in the
evening
and told him she was about to go home
but she never
arrived the police questioned three
suspects
ashley lisa's best friend said she just
returned from her vacation
mark the neighbor was sure he'd seen
lisa in the afternoon
driving off in her car and paul lisa's
colleague
told the police he'd spotted the woman
in a shopping mall in the evening
who's lying
paul knows something about lisa's
whereabouts the woman
wasn't in the shopping mall that night
she was at a movie theater
a call to the police amanda was going
through a deserted park
when someone hit her on the head when
she recovered
her bag along with her phone money and
documents were gone
there were no people around but for one
elderly
lady amanda rushed toward her explained
the situation
and asked to call the police the lady
told her not to worry
and started to press 9-1-1 on her phone
after talking for a minute
she said they're going to be here in no
time
as soon as amanda heard these words she
sprinted off
why
amanda saw the lady's phone didn't have
any signal
then how could she call the police a
suspicious
senior citizen a date
betty was on cloud nine after two guys
asked her out
but she felt she couldn't give hope to
both of them she had to choose one
stephen was her secret crush from a rich
family
handsome and smart she'd been dreaming
about him for a year
john was a good guy too she knew for
sure he was kind and funny
the girl was at a loss which one should
she pick
any ideas
betty should go for john steven isn't
serious about her
he has a lipstick mark on his neck left
there by stanley
so yeah better choose john a bizarre
code
brian's friends invited him to spend the
summer vacation in europe with them
unfortunately the guy had serious study
problems
to punish him his dad took his passport
away
and locked it in a safe the only way for
brian to get his documents and have some
fun
was to crack the code yeah we still
don't want to crack the books huh
when he sneaked into his dad's study he
saw a piece of paper stuck to the safe
there were three drawings on it a rose a
rainbow
a calico cat and a banana brian thought
for a while
and then pressed four numbers the code
was correct and the safe opened
which numbers were they
2731 each digit corresponds to the
numbers of
colors of the objects in the picture an
anxious husband a man called the police
he could hardly talk my wife she got
into a car accident
when the police arrived the woman had
been already rushed to a hospital
the detectives found out that she had
crashed into a tree
right next to her house the car was
beyond repair
one of the police officers examined the
vehicle and saw the woman's bag
inside he found her driver's license and
car keys
some money and bank cards a notebook and
her passport
after that the husband was immediately
arrested
why
how could the woman's car key be in her
bag if she was driving
that's a good question find the thief
detective lawrence was walking along the
street when he heard someone screaming
he rushed over there and saw a teenager
crying what happened
i was talking to my friend when someone
grabbed my phone and pushed me to the
ground
when i came to my senses there was no
one around but i saw that cafe's door
closing
the detective entered the cafe the girl
was talking about and looked around
there were five people inside all of
them seemed to be rather decent
can you figure out who's the criminal
it's the man near the coffee machine his
drink is still steaming
it means he just bought it
a crime in the neighborhood one day mr
martin called the police
his car was stolen right from the street
outside his house
the detective questioned three suspects
eric a teenager who lived next door
said he had been at school and had seen
nothing suspicious
amy a young artist renting a house
across the street
had been too engrossed in her work to
pay attention to her surroundings
but mr brandon an elderly man whose
house was next to amy's
accused eric of taking the car mr
brandon was having his breakfast when he
saw the teenager get into the vehicle
and drive off strangely after his words
the police officers arrested the elderly
man
why
the only thing mr brandon could see out
of his window during breakfast
was his tall brick wall
desperate for help kenneth a newbie
police officer
was walking along the street proudly
wearing his uniform
suddenly a pretty girl rushed toward him
help she screamed
i've been mugged after kenneth made her
calm down
the girl told him her story i was
walking home from college when a man ran
up to me
he hit me in the eye and took all my
jewelry and money
when kenneth heard this he immediately
realized the girl was lying
how
the girl was wearing glasses if the
criminal had hit her in the eye
her glasses would have been shattered
a runaway wife sharon's husband was a
wealthy businessman
he never had time for his wife one day
the young woman had enough
she took some money and ran away she
knew it wouldn't be difficult for her
husband to find her
that's why she tried to be as discreet
as possible the next hotel where she
checked in was good
but nothing special she hardly had
enough time to unpack her things
when someone knocked on the door the man
said he was from the reception
but when sharon opened the door she
realized her husband's people had found
her
how did she figure it out
the man's uniform was different from the
one the hotel receptionists were wearing
a missing collection mr bernard had an
unusual hobby
he collected rare watches one day he
came home
and discovered his collection was gone
he called the police
they decided to start by questioning the
man's neighbors
george said he had a busy day meetings
video conferences
emails anna told police she had been
feeling
unwell since the very morning she
cancelled all her plans and stayed in
bed
jason said his car had broken down and
he'd been repairing it for the whole day
one person seemed suspicious enough for
the police to arrest them
who was it
anna was lying look at her all dressed
up
wearing accessories and makeup she
doesn't look like a person who has spent
all day in bed
a blatant lie a famous pop singer
anthony black was attacked after his
concert
he was taken to a hospital the police
questioned several of his
fans linda was crying i took anthony's
autograph
and couldn't wait to boast to my friends
about it lisa said
i asked mr black to sign his photo after
i got it
i went to buy a coffee jason added
anthony was super nice and friendly i
didn't notice anything strange
the police immediately arrested the fan
who seemed suspicious
who was it
it was lisa the autograph in the photo
looks different from the singer's real
signature